let's talk about one thing says in a
phrase all past time was better for
I do not think it's all past time it was
worst
and you have to learn from that worse than us
it happened or I do not know the best saying receive with
a loud applause to alejandro riaño
small basses
thanks to music like that leaves one
there
let's talk about epochs those times
those you do
let's talk about epochs those
as they were beautiful as they were beautiful
I remember the first holidays
when you went out to that first party
with horrible denim pants like
until each shirt as taken by the
mom so if the men aside the
women to the other one nervous to take out
the old woman to dance I do not think that
he said go go almost that he was pushed to
11 here and there and one said the old
with that trembling hello voice
you want to dance to see no no
I do not like that they laugh among all that
one day I'm going to rebel and I'm going to kill you
and it was leaving but it was healthy parties
they agree the most bravo in a dance was
the blender that ended the people in
a bucket had vomited and it was that one that was
A) Yes
if you want hope that there is not
he even dances her well because
Chamorro
and ended up there throwing up in the ugly
of the blender is now going to a motel
he was already making his life
if it 's the blender now, they all help each other
I walk all the parties one of the old
nowadays they do not even have to talk to you
one is going to speak that honor
but
let me do everything
pure movement there that scratches the
guabina to one
one almost that causes him to put the whiskey
on the back of silva he
If this is the case, I do not remember those
times I am not the oldest clearly
you know it and all of us
here also but but 15 years ago it was
a little more healthy yes it was everything more
quiet, I remember to send
little letters yes of those criticisms of I love you
You are the cutest thing that has happened to me of cv
m nowadays everything is wilder and the
mariachis took us to mariachis and
came out that decent mariachi that is to
take mariachis for the old ones was what
maximum and exit is the lord egg here
his mariachi arrived
let's go with that nice song of truth
yes for all ladies for all
the pretty ladies that come out that night and
says well not to barbosa
remind me that you are very beautiful
normal the mariachi today is all
arrecho
Mariachi with a sound that arrives
drunk which sometimes the room is already
came out to boys we're going to play the no
song to the woman not
beautiful thing grab me the thing
class
another thing is already a pod
all the direct hits the
trumpeter for having voted where is
that of the trumpets kids over there
I walk a matera
today decile a woman who is going
to bring 1 mariachis seems fatal to him
much the wolf brought him mariachis almost
some manes all lined with a package
but the package was super cool
If you no longer want what you want,
arrive in the van with platón leaves
between the black and I thought it
she grabbed me that's what you have
to annoy single women pa for
pa pa
to lose that time my grandfather says how
Those times were beautiful
how youth has been lost you do not know
where is it going
if that grandfather that grandfather rolo of those
who fall asleep when they speak that
they are talking to one who is like me
I remember him
from that era
that was great it was great that
we raised the dressing gown every pinch
that at that time all 93 were
paddocks was not the same as today and
we made our pilatunas
I reached out to grab her hand
Grandma
We were crap
we were tremendous
one day his grandmother pinched my buttock and
I said fuck
novella
I finished
Mr. Alejandro Riaño
the sad hour arrived the hour in which
the program is over
here
but but in eight days we come back so
thank you very much for supporting
comedians of the night we see each other
Saturdays already and can go to rumbear
you there in your house you can go out
they already have permission to leave then
thank you very much for allowing us
make us smile so many you decide 'and
an applause please see you in eight
days
yes